NEHTA (as Licensor) grants You a licence to this Product subject to
the terms of the Apache Licence (version 2.0), a copy of which is
available at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0, and the
following terms.

This Product licensed under the Apache Licence and these terms is
not at a production stage and is accordingly licensed for
non-production use only.  This Product should in no circumstance be
used for the processing of personal or patient data in a clinical
or operational setting, or in the provision of medical or
therapeutic advice or treatment in a clinical or operational
setting.  In addition to clause 4(a) of the Apache Licence, You
must provide a copy of these terms to a recipient of any Work or
Derivative Works in addition to the Apache Licence to the extent
that NEHTA is a Contributor in respect of those Works or Derivative
Works.

Despite clause 7 of the Apache Licence, if a condition or warranty
is implied by statute or law that cannot be excluded, then the
liability of a Contributor to the extent that it has contributed to
a breach of that condition or warranty is limited to one or more of
the following at its option: (a) in the case of goods, any one of
the following: the replacement of those goods or the re-supply of
equivalent goods; the repair of those goods; the payment of the
cost of replacing those or acquiring equivalent goods; or the
payment of the cost of having those goods repaired; and (b) in the
case of services: the supplying of those services again; or the
payment of the cost of having those services supplied again.

A term which is given a meaning in the Apache Licence, has the same
meaning when used in these terms.
